inori-yuzuriha$Inori Yuzuriha$inori.jpg$Guilty Crown$midriff,twintails,hairclip,stockings,detached sleeves$Inori Yuzuriha was the female protagonist of Guilty Crown and a member of the resistance guerrilla group called "Funeral Parlor". She was the voice of the internet artist Egoist.
ayase-shinomiya$Ayase Shinomiya$ayase.jpg$Guilty Crown$ponytail,wheelchair$Ayase Shinomiya is the secondary female protagonist of the anime series Guilty Crown. She is a wheelchair-bound teenage girl and a member of Funeral Parlor who pilots the humanoid robot Endlave. She is also wheelchair-bound, though she apparently wasn't always.
shimakaze$Shimakaze$shimakaze.jpg$Kantai Collection: Kancolle$stockings,mini skirt,hairbow,midriff,opera gloves$She often boasts about her speed and scolds the fleet and admiral for being too slow. She also often tends to her Rensouhou-chans. Artists tend to give her a loner personality due to her being the only ship of her class. With the introduction of Amatsukaze, a Kagerou-class destroyer which was used as the testbed for Shimakaze's turbine, the latter has come to be seen as Shimakaze's older sister.
amatsukaze$Amatsukaze$amatsukaze.png$Kantai Collection: Kancolle$sailor fuku,choker,zettai ryouiki,thighhigh,hat,school uniform$As the guinea pig for Shimakaze's turbine, she is Shimakaze's elder sister. This is indeed reflected in-game with both incarnations coming with enhanced boilers as stock equipment. Implied to be a tsundere, she likes breezes. She is often drawn as a group with Shimakaze, Yukikaze and Tokitsukaze (Test bed for the former and her immediate elder and younger sisters respectively for the latter two), whom are seen (in various combinations) in fanart hanging out together or more often competing for Amatsukaze's attention.
tokitsukaze$Tokitsukaze$tokitsukaze.png$Kantai Collection: Kancolle$pantyhose$Her shirt, tied off into a knot on her left hip, resembles that of Yukikaze, and she wears a small hat cocked to the left, like Amatsukaze. She also wears sheer stockings (which tend to look like pantyhose, at first, especially due to the thighband) with a side seam. She has short black hair with "ears" fading to a light gray at the tips as well as brown eyes. Her hairstyle seems to strike some artists as making her look sort of like a dog. Naturally, many of them have taken this idea and run with it.
hibiki$Hibiki$hibiki.png$Kantai Collection: Kancolle$zettai ryouiki,school uniform,hat,thighhigh$A stoic girl and a russophile, she sometimes uses appropriate (if rudimentary) russian in her dialogue. She is one of the girls with a second remodeling in the form of her post-war self: Verniy. She also has the nickname of "Phoenix" due to her surviving from heavy damage several times during the war.
akatsuki$Akatsuki$akatsuki.png$Kantai Collection: Kancolle$school uniform,hat,pantyhose,loli$Personally, Akatsuki does her best to act like a true lady and thus, doesn't like to be treated as a child, especially including head-patting. (With attestations of being a "full-fledged lady" or "first-class lady" being something of a catchphrase.) This has the side effect of making her look even more childish. Many characters enjoy teasing her by doing things that play upon her being childish, such as giving her children's meals.
inazuma$Inazuma$inazuma.png$Kantai Collection: Kancolle$school uniform,socks,heavy weapons,loli$She's a very shy girl, she is also one of the 5 starter ships and is well known for her catchphrase "Nanodesu!" ("Here it is!" is the translation for the intended use of the phrase in the game). Inazuma historically collided with Miyuki, and a transport, and all the other warships that had also been named Inazuma have collided with another ship, leading her to be portrayed as often clumsy.
ikazuchi$Ikazuchi$ikazuchi.png$Kantai Collection: Kancolle$school uniform,stockings,heavy weapons,hairclip,loli$She'a an excited girl, she is sometimes shown with her sister ship Inazuma. She is also often depicted as very doting to the admiral.
yunyun$YunYun$yunyun.jpg$Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Shukufuku wo! 2$none$Yunyun (ゆんゆん) is a character of the KonoSuba series. She is a member and future chief of the Crimson Demon Clan, as well as a friend and self-proclaimed rival to Megumin.
aqua$Aqua$aqua.jpg$Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Shukufuku wo!$hair loop,detached sleeves,thigh-high boots,stockings$Aqua (アクア, Akua) is one of the three main deuteragonists in the Konosuba: God's Blessing on this Wonderful World! novel series, as well as its anime and manga adaptions.
megumin$Megumin$megumin.jpg$Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Shukufuku wo!$hat,cape,eyepatch,belt,stockings,bandages,boots,fingerless gloves,collar,hinnyuu$Megumin is one of the three main deuteragonists of the Konosuba: God's Blessing on this Wonderful World! novel series, as well as its anime and manga adaptions. Megumin is a powerful arch-wizard with a dramatic flare and extremely vicious competitive side. She is a member of Satou Kazuma's adventuring party where she is often used to finish off their enemies due to her use of Explosion Magic, a one use spell which can one-hit almost anything.
darkness$Darkness$darkness.jpg$Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Shukufuku wo!$ponytail,hairclip,gloves$Despite her nice appearance, she displays masochistic urges that baffle and annoy Kazuma to the point of disturbing the enemies they encounter. As such, she often intentionally puts herself in harm's way, like charging into the midst of a group of monsters, usually prompting a sharp remark by Kazuma regarding her excited reaction in an otherwise grave situation. Her masochism is rather extreme, deriving pleasure from both verbal and physical abuse, though her enjoyment sinks if it leads to public embarrassment.
twiska$Twiska$twiska.jpg$Brandish$succubus$Twiska is a carefree succubus who attacks people at night after night and siphoning their life-energy. One such night, she seizes upon a young boy, Theo, who appeals to her personal preferences. Although she is a sexually depraved whore, she has some morals. She didn't approved the men kidnapping a young girl (in her teens) and the idea she will make fine prostitute. She killed all the men she was involved in a recent Gang Bang a few minutes ago.
azunyan$Azusu Nakano$azunyan.png$K-On!$guitarist,musician,knee highs,loli,twintails,school uniform,ribbon$Azusa Nakano (中野なかの 梓あずさ Nakano Azusa), nicknamed "Azu-nyan" (あずにゃん) by Yui Hirasawa, is a student at Sakuragaoka High School. She decided to join the Light Music Club after seeing the band's performance in the school festival and thus became Ho-Kago Tea Time's rhythm guitarist. After the original Light Music Club members graduated, she re-founded the club and became its new president, as well as the main guitarist and main vocalist of her new band, Wakaba Girls.
yui-hirasawa$Yui Hirasawa$yui-hirasawa.jpg$K-On!$ribbon,school uniform,hairclip,tights,musician,singer,guitarist$Yui Hirasawa (平沢ひらさわ 唯ゆい) is one of the main characters and the protagonist of the series K-ON!. She is the air-headed lead guitarist and vocalist of the band Ho-kago Tea Time.
mio-akiyama$Mio Akiyama$mio-akiyama.jpg$K-On!$hime cut,school uniform,ribbon,left-handed$Mio Akiyama (あきやま みお) is the mature but scaredy-cat bassist, and second vocalist of the band Ho-kago Tea Time.
ritsu-tainaka$Ritsu Tainaka$ritsu-tainaka.jpg$K-On!$ribbon,school uniform,hairband,musician,tomboy,socks$Ritsu Tainaka (たいなか りつ), called Ri-chan (田ーちゃん Ri-chan) by Tsumugi Kotobuki and Yui Hirasawa, is the self-appointed president of the Light Music Club, and the drummer of the band Ho-kago Tea Time. She was the one who rebooted the Light Music Club when it was on the verge of being disbanded and has become the natural leader of the club since then.
tsumugi-kotobuki$Tsumugi Kotobuki$tsumugi-kotobuki.jpg$K-On!$school uniform,ribbon,socks,large eyebrows,musician$Tsumugi Kotobuki (ことぶき つむぎ Kotobuki Tsumugi), otherwise known as Mugi, is a wealthy, cheery, cute girl with a gentle personality who plays the keyboard in the band Ho-kago Tea Time.
coconut$Coconut$coconut.png$Nekopara$heterochromia,neko,cat ears,tail,shorts$As one of the younger Minaduki catgirls, Coconut is among the more emotional of them. Contrary to her outward appearence, she expresses a strong desire to be considered cute, rather than be known for her physical strength. As a Maine Coon kitten she has rapidly developed an adult body which she is self-conscious about; her rapid physical development is what triggered her desire to mature as quickly as possible so as not to be a burden to Kashou or her sisters, and develops a "mature" façade to compensate. This however backfires, and causes her to overwhelm herself and become extremely clumsy. Her repeated clumsiness then causes her to develop a low self-esteem and frequently fall into extreme bouts of self-deprecation.
chocola$Chocola$chocola.png$Nekopara$neko,twintails,stockings,cat ears,tail$Chocola is a cheerful and energetic Catgirl as Kashou himself describes her, 'happy-go-lucky'. She doesn't usually get upset, and even when she does, she often swings back to being as cheery as usual, though occasionally she can be genuinely sad about something. She is curious, and has a childlike outlook on things, which is fitting as she and Vanilla are mentioned to be only 9 months old in human terms.
vanilla$Vanilla$vanilla.png$Nekopara$neko,twintails,stockings,cat ears,tail$Vanilla is quiet, calm and very stoic. She rarely expresses her emotions, making her a somewhat of a kūdere character, as opposed to her sister's energetic, playful personality. She loves her twin sister Chocola and will accompany her always due to her sis-con-like relationship towards her.
azuki$Azuki$azuki.png$Nekopara$neko,cat ears,tail$Azuki is one of the most responsible of the Minaduki catgirls, often acting as their supervisor when helping to run La Soleil. However her brash personality often sees her come to blows with her sisters, in particular Coconut. Deep down however, she cares about her family and their well-being, and checks on them even if she previously had a fight with them.
maple$Maple$maple.png$Nekopara$neko,knee highs,tail$Maple is presented as the most independent and mature of the Minaduki catgirls, showing herself off as being refined yet at times haughty. She is extremely prideful, although her pride has at times been her downfall, as shown when buying her first guitar with Kashou which required his intervention to rescue her from herself.
cinnamon$Cinnamon$cinnamon.png$Nekopara$neko,knee highs,tail,hair ribbon$Cinnamon is among the most easygoing of the Minaduki catgirls. She is soft-spoken, polite, and cheerful. However as a kitten, Cinnamon was extremely shy to the point of hiding in the corner of her room and not speaking to anyone else, until Maple forcibly coerces her out of her shell. It is due to this that of all the Minaduki catgirls, Cinnamon is the closest to Maple.
shigure-minazuki$Shigure Minazuki$shigure-minazuki.png$Nekopara$kimono,hair ribbons$Shigure Minaduki (水無月 時雨 Minaduki Shigure?) is the younger sister of Kashou Minaduki, and the only known member of their immediate family Kashou maintains a friendly relationship with. A refined young lady, she takes an almost mother-like pride in the catgirls she has trained. Despite her elegant demeanour, she is a gigantic bro-con which occasionally surfaces as love declarations for her brother.She appears to have romantic feelings for Kashou in an incestuous way.
airi-akitsuki$Airi Akitsuki$airi-akitsuki.jpg$Oni Chichi: Re-birth$twintails,hair ribbons$Airi is one of the main character of the series. She is currently a Freshman at St. Kaede School and a member of light music club. She is the second daughter of Kayoko. She takes after the hair color of her biological father, she usually wears a pair of French style pigtails, making her attractive and cute. Her personality is a tsundere towards her step father but she is warm and close to her sister Marina and mother. Although, on occasion she lets her true feelings out. In affect; she just wants to be content with her family, friendship with her sister, sex from her papa, and whatever the hell her mom provides. She shares her father with her sister and sometimes her best friend, but usually she likes to keep things personal with him, she will never admit to the fact that she enjoys sex with him though...as this is a common theme of the show.
marina-akitsuki$Marina Akitsuki$marina-akitsuki.jpg$Oni Chichi: Re-birth$school uniform,bow,plaid,knee highs,waitress,headdress,frills,stockings,collar,lolita$Third year student at St. Kaede School. Senior daughter of Kayoko. As the mother is busy with work, and in order to share the pressure of the mother at home, she would take reins with household chores--indeed she has a conservative and serious character. Because of this her father often obsesses over her as if she were his young bride, Marina has accepted this role in absolution; she often takes a submissive stance towards his advances, and realizes in affect that she is pleasuring her father and serving him. This is in contrast with how her sister feels, she is less at odds with her feelings and has come to a realization that her father needs her to fulfill himself, thus she has assumed the role of the wife. Her appearance is more like her mother, rooted in the "Japanese style", has long brown hair, violet eyes, and a large bust.
neko$Neko$neko.jpg$K$neko,heterochromia,cat ears,tail$Neko is a girl with long, pale pink hair reaching down along her back and down past her knees. Her hair is split near the middle and is quite messy. Her eyes are shown to have Heterochromia iridum, with her right iris being colored blue while her left iris is colored green. The heterochromia is a result of the Kagutsu Crater. She has a slender yet curvaceous figure with large breasts. Her three sizes are B89/W57/H88.
kanao-tsuyuri$Kanao Tsuyuri$kanao-tsuyuri.jpg$Demon Slayer$boots,side tail,katana,cape$Kanao is a young girl of short stature, with large, gentle eyes of a pink-lilac color that are framed by thick eyelashes. She has thin black hair, worn tied into a ponytail on the right side of her head and fastened by a pink and green butterfly ornament that once belonged to her adoptive sister, Kanae Kocho with a straight fringe and two chin-length strands that protrude from above each of her ears.
nezuko-kamado$Nezuko Kamado$nezuko-kamado.png$Demon Slayer$flip flops,demon,kimono,obi,mouth piece$Nezuko is a petite young girl with fair skin, visibly large, prominent fangs, and sharp, claw-like nails that fade to red where they point. Her hair is long, dark brown and reaches just below her waist, turning an vermilion color as it passes her elbows, and appears to be crimped into large, straight ridges, worn side-swept drastically to her left. She has soft-looking, pale pink eyes that appear a lighter color around the rims of their irises, slanted downwards towards the sides of her face and framed by notably long eyelashes, the pupils of which can appear slit as she transforms. According to Tanjiro Kamado, Nezuko was known as a great beauty in their home town.
shinobu-kocho$Shinobu Kocho$shinobu-kocho.png$Demon Slayer$none$Shinobu was a petite girl with pale skin and large compound-looking eyes that do not possess pupils, only a haze of gradient, purple iris that becomes darker, the lower it goes, which made her eyes appear similar to those of bugs. She had shoulder-length hair that faded from black into dark purple, usually fastened at the back of her head into a "yakai-maki" style, with a white and purple butterfly ornament with split ear-length bangs that rose a little away from her head before they fell down to frame her face, with two thinner chin-length strands below them. Shinobu was rather short in height and has been described as having a small and weak looking built, which is later reinforced by her saying that she does not possess the physical strength to cut a Demon's head off as the other Pillars do.
shiro$Shiro$shiro.jpg$No Game No Life$dress,loli,stockings,uniform,neet$Shiro (白しろ, Shiro) is the main female protagonist of the No Game No Life series and the calm and calculative half of the siblings. Abandoned by her parents, Shiro is an 11 year old genius NEET (Not in Education, Employment, or Training) hikikomori (shut-in) gamer who, along with her step-brother, Sora, form 『　　』 (Blank). Sora's dad married Shiro's mother, both having remarried, thus making Shiro and Sora step-siblings.
jibril$Jibril$jibril.jpg$No Game No Life$book,gloves,midriff$She has long purple-pink hair that reach down to her knees and two white wings protruding near her hips. Her pupils are purple surrounded by a gold iris but a cross shape appears in her pupils when she is focusing on a task (such as performing a spell). Her ears are wing-shaped and she also has a halo over her head. She usually has her midriff exposed and wears a long skirt. She has also a slim and well-endowed body. She has the physique of that of a 17-18 year old but in actuality is much older. After unleashing her ultimate attack, her appearance reverts to that of a young girl due to the magic recoil. Her three sizes are from above, 88, 55, 85.
izuna-hatsuse$Izuna Hatsuse$izuna-hatsuse.png$No Game No Life$kitsune,loli,hairband,bow$Hatsuse Izuna (初瀬 いずな, Hatsuse Izuna) is a Werebeast girl and the former ambassador of the Werebeast race to Imanity. After Sora and Shiro forced the werebeasts to join the Elchea Federation, Izuna was directed by Miko to follow and learn from them. Sora and Shiro have a habit of petting her fur (tail) yet she seems to enjoy it (much to the chagrin of her grandfather). Stephanie has noted that she actually shares similarities to Sora and Shiro, such as lacking common sense, being arrogant towards others, and being extremely smart and competent at gaming
mikasa-ackerman$Mikasa Ackerman$mikasa-ackerman.jpg$Attack on Titan$jacket,belt,boots,uniform,single bang,scarf,swords,swordsman$Mikasa is a fairly tall, physically fit, and well-toned woman with muscles lined throughout her arms, legs, and abs. She is of partial Asian heritage, with pale skin, gray eyes, and shaggy black hair that was long until she cut it to chin-length. By the year 854, her hair is shorter and cut up to back of her neck, but with noticeably longer bangs. There is a small scar below her right eye delivered by Eren's Titan during the Battle of Trost District. Jean considers Mikasa to be beautiful.
asuna-yuuki$Asuna Yuuki$asuna-yuuki.jpg$Sword Art Online$swordsman,armor,stockings,detached sleeves$Asuna is a friend of Kirito and is a sub-leader of the guild Knights of the Blood (KoB), a medium-sized guild of about thirty players, also called the strongest guild in Aincrad. Being one of the few girls that are in SAO, and even more so that she's extremely pretty, she receives many invitations and proposals. She is a skilled player earning the title "Flash" for her extraordinary sword skill that is lightning fast. Her game alias is the same as her real world name.
